NVSHAS-9755 Request to Display Environment Variable Names Alongside Values in Alerts for Secrets (#167)
neuvector/docs: versioned_docs/version-5.4/05.policy/03.admission/03.admission.md

Suggestion: msgReferVender}, 
```

> In Risk Reports page, when secrets are detected, the alert format will be like the picture below.
> 
> Note: It will show info like "${variable}=${value}". Ex: in the picture below, it will show "env1=AIDAJQ..."
> ![secret_detection](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/848533ed-70c1-494b-b7d5-6e9b60951f77)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Risk Reports** page, when secrets are detected, the alert format will be displayed with general output information showing as `"${variable}=${value}"`. As an example in the picture below, this can be seen with the variable "env1=AIDAJQ...".

![secret_detection](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/848533ed-70c1-494b-b7d5-6e9b60951f77)
```

Reviewer: Adjusted the phrasing a bit here, and also these changes will need to be applied to the same page in the /docs folder. Let me know if there are any questions or help needed in porting the changes to the /docs folder, thank you!
